---
layout: case
tags: cases
name: Buurtzorg
introduction: "**Buurtzorg Nederland** is a Dutch home-care organization which
  has attracted international attention for its innovative use of independent
  nurse teams in delivering relatively low-cost care. Buurtzorg is Dutch for
  “neighborhood care”.


  **History**


  It was founded in 2006 in the small city of Almelo by Jos de Blok and a
  small team of professional nurses who were dissatisfied with the delivery of
  health care by traditional home care organizations in the Netherlands.
  According to Sharda S. Nandram, the company has created a new management
  approach: “integrating simplification,” characterized by a simple, flat
  organizational structure through which a wide range of services, facilitated
  by information technology, can be provided.\r

  \r\n"
industry: Q. Human health and social work activities
geography: Netherlands
companySize: "> 500"
profit: non-profit
theory:
  - topic: Listening to Purpose
    title: Buurtzorg + approach
    content: "Two nurses on a Buurtzorg team found themselves pondering the fact
      that elderly people, when they fall, often break their hips. Hip
      replacements are routine surgery, but patients don’t always recover the
      same autonomy. Could Buurtzorg play a role in preventing its older
      patients from falling down? The two nurses experimented and created a
      partnership with a physiotherapist and an occupational therapist from
      their neighborhood. They advised patients on small changes they could
      bring to their home interiors, and changes of habits that would minimize
      risks of falling down. Other teams showed interest, and the approach, now
      called Buurtzorg +, has spread throughout the country.\r

      \r

      The two nurses sensed a need, and with the power of self-management
      acted upon it. Self-management helped the idea to spread. Any team
      interested in Buurtzorg + can sign up for a training event that teaches
      them the basics of how the concept works and how to create such a
      partnership in their neighborhood.^[Laloux, Frederic (2014-02-09).
      Reinventing Organizations: A Guide to Creating Organizations Inspired by
      the Next Stage of Human Consciousness (Kindle Locations 4396-4406). Nelson
      Parker. Kindle Edition.]"
  - topic: sales-marketing
    title: Has grown from 4 people in 2007 to 10,000 employees in 2016 without using
      any marketing.
    content: >-
      At [Buurtzorg](https://www.buurtzorgnederland.com/), with a 10,000 people
      organization only 45 people work at the head office and there is no
      marketing department. In fact, since the organization was started in 2007
      they have not used any conventional marketing at all. From the beginning
      Buurtzorg focused on patients and on solving problems.


      "We believed this would create a better result. We would not use any marketing, instead use free publicity when people were satisfied with our services.", says Jos de Blok. Today Buurtzorg work a lot on establishing close and genuine relationships with patients, different stakeholders and other people with a natural interest in their services. Because of the success of the organization, this also includes communication with media and newspapers in an effort to meet the interest that has been generated by many years of good word of mouth. "Buurtzorg has become associated with something “good” now, so it is easier for us nowadays.", says Jos de Blok.
  - topic: Organizational Structure
    title: Buurtzorg uses a geographically-based parallel team structure and team
      coaches.
    content: "At Buurtzorg, a Dutch neighbourhood nursing organization, nurses work
      in teams of 10 to 12, with each team serving around 50 patients in a
      small, well-defined neighbourhood. The team is in charge of all tasks that
      were previously fragmented across different departments.\r

      \r

      Each team has a coach. The coach has no decision-making power and
      works with 40 to 50 teams at a time, making sure that no one team becomes
      overly dependent on the coach. The coach's role is to ask insightful
      questions that help teams find their own solutions.\r

      \r

      The team is responsible for doing the intake, planning, vacation
      scheduling as well as administration. They even decide where to rent an
      office and how to decorate it. There is no leader within the team;
      important decisions are made collectively.\r

      \r

      Because of this, a problem-solving culture thrives. Nurses can't
      offload difficult decisions to a boss and when things get tense,
      stressful, or unpleasant, there is no boss and no structure to blame The
      team knows they have all the power and latitude to solve their own
      problems.\r

      \r

      The teams of nurses aren't simply empowered by their hierarchy. They
      are truly powerful because there is no hierarchy that has decision-making
      power over them. Each team is also responsible for their own recruitment.
      Because the team members make hiring decisions themselves, they are
      emotionally invested in making the recruit successful.\r

      \r

      The absence of rules and procedures imposed by headquarters staff
      functions creates a huge sense of freedom and responsibility throughout
      the organization.\r

      \r

      The results achieved by Buurtzorg speak for themselves. A 2009 Ernst
      & Young study found that Buurtzorg requires, on average, close to 40
      percent fewer hours of care per client than other nursing organizations.
      This is despite the fact that nurses in Buurtzorg take time for coffee and
      talk with patients, their families, and neighbors, while other nursing
      organizations have come to tightly allocate the time allowed for almost
      every service. . At Buurtzorg, patients stay in care only half as long,
      heal faster, and become more autonomous."
  - topic: Information Flow
    title: Uses information structure and transparency to provide the best service
      to the customers
    content: At[ Buurtzorg](https://www.buurtzorgnederland.com/), all data
      concerning performance of all the teams is put on the company's intranet.
      A team that struggles in one area can identifiy a team in the neighborhood
      with outstanding results (which is not a threat, but an offer) and can ask
      for advice and best practices. If there is an need for a decision, the
      request is posted on the intranet. Teams can see every month how their
      productivity compares to that of other teams. The data of other teams is
      not anonymized or averaged out. Employees are trusted to handle the
      positive and negative impacts of information with integrity.
  - topic: Meetings
    title: Small, self-managing teams provide flexibility.
    content: >-
      #### Team decision making procedure


      [Buurtzorg](https://www.buurtzorgnederland.com/) teams use a very efficient method for problem solving and decision-making. They first choose a facilitator. The facilitator is not allowed to make any statements, suggestions, or decisions; she can only ask questions: “What is your proposal?” Or “What is the rationale for your proposal?”. All responses are listed on a flipchart.


      Then all are reviewed, improved and refined.


      In a third round, proposals are put up for decision. The basis for decision-making is not consensus. For a solution to be adopted it is enough that nobody has a principled objection. A person cannot veto a decision because she feels another solution (for example, hers!) would have been preferable. The perfect solution that all would embrace wholeheartedly might not exist, and its pursuit could prove exhausting. As long as there is no principled objection, a solution will be adopted, with the understanding that it can be revisited at any time when new information is available.  


      If, despite their training and meeting techniques, teams get stuck, they can ask for external facilitation at any time.


      #### Limiting ‘higher level’ regional coach meetings:


      In many ways it would make good sense for Jos de Blok, CEO of Buurtzorg to meet regularly with the regional coaches: they have great insight into what’s happening in the field. Collectively, they could spot issues and opportunities and determine actions to take.


      But this process would now be like an executive management committee--the opposite of what they want.


      To avoid this, Jos de Block limits his meetings with the coaches to quarterly.
  - topic: Team and Community Building
    title: At Buurtzorg, all nurses are trained in “Intervisie,” a peer-coaching
      technique that originated in the Netherlands.
    content: >-
      **Example for Peer coaching**


      A nurse that wrestles with a certain question can ask colleagues on her team to help her sort it out in a group coaching session. How should she deal with a client that refuses to take lifesaving medication? How can she help an elderly patient accept help from his children? How to say no to clients to protect herself from burnout? Often, when a nurse struggles with one of these matters, it is because the question brings up a broader personal issue she hasn’t worked through. In these cases, a peer coaching session can help. Some Buurtzorg teams allot an hour for peer coaching every month; other teams convene when a team member requests it. “Intervisie”, the process used at Buurtzorg, follows a strict format and ground rules to prevent the group from administering the all-too-common medicine of advice, admonitions, or reassurance. During most of the process, team members can ask only open-ended questions; they become fellow travelers into the mystery of the issue the person is dealing with. A safe space is created that invites deep listening, authenticity, and vulnerability - the necessary ingredients for inner truth to emerge. The goal is for the nurse to see the problem in a new light and discover her own solutions. It is at once a simple and beautiful process. Being respectfully and compassionately “held” by a group is for many people a new and unforgettable experience.
  - topic: Coordination
    title: At Buurtzorg where 9000 nurses are scattered over the country, the
      internal social network ‘BuurtzorgWeb’ plays a critical role in knowledge
      sharing
    content: >-
      At [Buurtzorg](http://www.buurtzorgnederland.com/), the company’s internal
      social network, “BuurtzorgWeb” plays a key role in the sharing of
      knowledge. When there is vast knowledge spread throughout the organization
      - the trick can be finding it. With BuurtzorgWeb, nurses can easily locate
      and contact a colleague with a specific expertise. Questions can be posted
      online in a continuous stream, similar to Facebook. Due to the high
      engagement level on the platform, each question is seen by thousands of
      colleagues in a few hours and attracts one or several responses.


      In an example of how an initiative might scale in a Teal organization, a Buurtzorg team in the countryside recently developed a new concept - a boarding house for patients, to offer the patient’s primary caregiver a break. This concept was presented to all colleagues at a company retreat. Nobody at Buurtzorg made the call that this fit or did not fit Buurtzorg’s purpose or that resources should be allocated to scale the initiative. The concept will have to run its own course. If it is meant to scale, it will attract nurses in other teams to make it happen organically.
  - topic: Conflict resolution
    title: Conflict is handled collaboratively within the team structure, sometimes
      with the help of a regional coach or mediator.
    content: At Buurtzorg , nurses work in teams of 10 to 12, with each team serving
      around 50 patients in a small, well-defined neighborhood. The team is in
      charge of all the tasks that, in similar organisations, are fragmented
      across different departments. The initial Buurtzorg training includes
      techniques for conflict resolution and Nonviolent Communication developed
      by Marshal Rosenberg. Conflicts are worked out collaboratively within the
      team. For instance, when one person has lost the trust of the team, the
      team tries to find a mutually agreeable solution. If that doesn’t work
      out, the group calls in its regional coach or an external facilitator to
      mediate. In almost all cases, the presence of a mediator brings
      resolution. In some cases, the person and the team decide on some mutual
      commitments and give it another go. In others, after some deliberation,
      the person comes to see that trust is irrevocably broken and understands
      it is time to leave. If no agreement can be found, as a last chance to try
      to settle the matter, the team members can ask Jos de Blok, the founder,
      to mediate. In the rare cases, where even this fails, they can ask him to
      put an end to the person’s contract (legally, he is the only one who can
      do so).
  - topic: Environmental and Social Management
    title: At Buurtzorg, social initiatives emerge from the interaction with the
      communities they serve.
    content: "One example is the creation of a unit called “Buurtdienst”
      (“neighborhood services”), which helps people like Alzheimer’s patients to
      handle domestic chores. Working with the same structure of small,
      self-organizing teams as in the nursing division, this project has grown
      to 750 employees in two years.\r

      \r

      The organization was also approached by youth workers. In 2012, the
      first two teams of “Buurtzorg Jong” (“Buurtzorg Young”) started working
      with neglected or delinquent children. Social workers, educators and
      nurses work together with children and their families in their homes, and
      in collaboration with police, schools, and family doctors. They hope to
      overcome the fragmented and costly way that social services are
      traditionally delivered ^[Source: Laloux, Frederic. Reinventing
      Organizations. Nelson Parker (2014), page 207]"
  - topic: Training and Coaching
    title: At Buurtzorg, all nurses are trained in “Intervisie,” a peer-coaching
      technique that originated in the Netherlands.
    content: >-
      **Peer Coaching**


      A nurse wrestling with a question can ask her colleagues for help in a group coaching session. *How should she deal with a client who refuses to take life-* saving medication? *How can she help an elderly patient accept help from his children? How to say "No" to clients, to protect herself from burnout?*


      Some Buurtzorg teams allocate an hour for peer coaching every month; others convene whenever a team member requests it.


      “Intervisie,” the process used at Buurtzorg, follows a strict format with ground rules to prevent the group from administering simplistic advice, admonitions, or reassurances to each other. During the core process, members must ask only open-ended questions. This way they become fellow travelers into the mystery of the issue the person is dealing with. A safe space emerges that invites deep listening, authenticity, and vulnerability - the necessary ingredients for inner truth to emerge. The goal is for the nurse to see the problem in a new light and discover her own solutions. It is at once a simple and beautiful process.
  - topic: Training and Coaching
    title: At Buurtzorg the principle emerged that teams can spend a certain amount
      on training without needing to consult.
    content: >-
      **Personal responsibility for training**


      The nurses that work in self-managing teams decide on their own training needs, and look for the best provider - a medical supplier, a hospital department, or sometimes simply a pharmacist or another Buurtzorg team. It's accepted practice that a team can spend up to 3% of its revenues in training without needing to use the advice process.\

      \

      Jos de Blok, Buurtzorg’s founder, comments on how this freedom allows nurses to react quickly:


      *"A remarkably high number of colleagues get themselves trained in specific medical conditions and technical equipment so that they can assist new clients in the best possible way. From drug pumps to dialysis and breathing devices, they learn how the equipment works and must be operated so that the number of professionals that deals with any client stays low. Because colleagues don’t need to ask if they can learn about something, their motivation to do so increases immediately. “It is as if I just woke up, because I start again to think of all sorts of possibilities,” is what you often hear at Buurtzorg."*


      As the word spreads that the nurses can handle all sort of devices and techniques, doctors start prescribing treatment methods that improve patients’ lives - say, a drug pump for a person with chronic pain - that fall outside the limited standards handled by a traditional nursing organization.
  - topic: Commitment, Working Hours and Flexibility
    title: At Buurtzorg, the structure of small, self-managing teams helps in
      providing flexibility.
    content: "If a nurse wants to reduce her working hours, perhaps because she has
      a sick parent to take care of for instance, the team will re-shuffle
      existing clients and temporarily take in fewer new clients. The nurse will
      discuss her other commitments with her team and together they will find a
      solution such as temporarily taking on fewer new clients or moving the
      care of a patient to another nurse or team if needed^[Laloux, Frederic.
      Reinventing Organizations. Nelson Parker (2014), page 183].\r"
  - topic: Job Titles and Job Descriptions
    title: Buurtzorg  is a not for profit provider of community healthcare in
      Holland, they create fluidity in roles through their 10 - 12 member self
      managing teams.
    content: A nurse at Buurtzorg whose patients suddenly require more care might
      ask a colleague to take over her role of team planner for instance. For a
      while some nurses might carry more than their fair share of management
      tasks for the team and less at other times.The Teams are careful to keep
      management tasks somewhat spread out at all times. There is a risk, as
      some teams have experienced that hierarchical structures creep back in
      when too many management roles are delegated to a single team member.
  - topic: Objectives and Target Setting
    title: Teams set their own objectives.
    content: In [Buurtzorg](http://www.buurtzorgnederland.com/), teams are required
      to make yearly plans for initiatives they want to take in the areas of
      client care and quality, training, organization, and other issues. All
      mature teams have a target for billable hours of 60 -65 percent.
  - topic: Feedback and Performance Management
    title: Buurtzorg openly compares team results across the organization and has
      developed a process for giving individual feedback within a team.
    content: "Each community nursing team manages its own processes and service
      delivery. These are shared so that others can adopt developments and good
      practice if they choose. Team performance is shared openly, making very
      apparent which teams are at the bottom of the list. Teams are motivated to
      improve their performance out of pride, not shame.\r

      \r

      All the organization stipulates is that each team must hold annual
      appraisals based on a competency model that the team has developed. Each
      team chooses its own format to give feedback. One team decided, for
      example, to give feedback in groups of three. Everyone prepares their
      self-evaluation and feedback for the other two. The process allows people
      to gauge their self-perception against the views of their
      colleagues[Laloux, Frederic. Reinventing Organizations. Nelson Parker
      (2014), page 126]. "
  - topic: Strategy
    title: Employees are empowered to self-manage and make changes when needed.
    content: "Two nurses on a Buurtzorg team found themselves pondering the fact
      that elderly people, when they fall, often break their hips. Hip
      replacements are routine surgery, but patients don’t always recover the
      same autonomy. Could Buurtzorg play a role in preventing its older
      patients from falling down? The two nurses experimented and created a
      partnership with a physiotherapist and an occupational therapist from
      their neighborhood. They advised patients on small changes they could
      bring to their home interiors, and changes of habits that would minimize
      risks of falling down. Other teams showed interest, and the approach, now
      called Buurtzorg +, has spread throughout the country.^[Laloux, Frederic
      (2014-02-09). Reinventing Organizations: A Guide to Creating Organizations
      Inspired by the Next Stage of Human Consciousness (Kindle Locations
      4396-4401). Nelson Parker. Kindle Edition.]"
  - topic: Strategy
    title: Buurtzorg develops a new boarding house to support overwhelmed relatives
      of their patients.
    content: >-
      One team in the countryside had an idea: A boarding house for patients, to
      offer the patient's primary caregiver a break. With most patients,
      [Buurtzorg](http://www.buurtzorgnederland.com/) provides medical care, but
      someone else - often the patient's husband or wife, sometimes a patient's
      child - is really the primary caretaker. It is not unusual for the husband
      or wife, often elderly as well, to be exhausted by the constant care of
      the patient, sometimes 24 hours a day. If the strain becomes too much, the
      caregiver can fall sick too.


      *Wouldn't it be wonderful*, one team of nurses thought, *if we could have a place where we could take in our patients for a day or two, or even a week - a sort of bed and breakfast and lunch and dinner and care - so that their primary caretaker could take a break and rest?* One of the nurses had inherited a small farmhouse in the countryside. Together, the team transformed it into a Buurtzorg boarding house.


      The idea of boarding houses will run its own course. If it is meant to be, if it has enough life force, it will attract nurses from other teams to make it happen and carry Buurtzorg into a new dimension of care. Otherwise, it will remain a small scale experiment^[Laloux, Frederic. Reinventing Organizations. Nelson Parker (2014), page 200]
  - topic: Strategy
    title: Buurtzorg develops a new service concept, Buurtzorg+, to improve injury
      prevention.
    content: Two nurses on a [Buurtzorg](https://www.buurtzorgnederland.com/) team
      found themselves pondering the fact that elderly people, when they fall,
      often break their hips. Hip replacements are routine surgery, but patients
      don’t always recover the same autonomy. Could Buurtzorg play a role in
      preventing its older patients from falling down? The two nurses
      experimented and created a partnership with a physiotherapist and an
      occupational therapist from their neighborhood. They advised patients on
      small changes they could bring to their home interiors, and changes of
      habits that would minimize risks of falling down. Other teams showed
      interest, and the approach, now called Buurtzorg+, has spread throughout
      the country. The two nurses sensed a need, and with the power of
      self-management acted upon it. Self-management helped the idea to spread.
      Any team interested in Buurtzorg+ can sign up for a training event that
      teaches them the basics of how the concept works and how to create such a
      partnership in their neighborhood^\[Laloux, Frederic. Reinventing
      Organizations. Nelson Parker (2014), page 203]
  - topic: Change Management
    title: At Buurtzorg, change happens organically.
    content: "Buurtzorg was created not only out of frustration with the way
      neighborhood nursing companies in the Netherlands had fragmented a noble
      profession into a series of senseless tasks. It also grew out of a new,
      and broader perspective of neighborhood care. The purpose of care is not
      to inject medication or change a bandage; it is to help people have rich,
      meaningful, and autonomous lives, to whatever degree that is possible.
      Within this broad definition, Buurtzorg keeps evolving, keeps moving to
      where it feels called.\r

      \r

      Not too long ago, for instance, one team in the countryside
      developed a new concept: a boarding house for patients, to offer the
      patient’s primary caregiver a break. With most patients, Buurtzorg
      provides medical care, but someone else — often the patient’s husband or
      wife, sometimes a patient’s child — is really the primary caregiver. It is
      not unusual for the husband or wife, often elderly as well, to be
      exhausted by the constant patient needs, sometimes 24 hours a day. If the
      strain becomes too much, the caregiver can fall sick too. Wouldn’t it be
      wonderful, one team of nurses thought, if we could have a place where we
      could take in our patients for a day or two, or even a week— a sort of bed
      and breakfast and lunch and dinner and care — so that their primary
      caretaker could take a break and rest? One of the nurses had inherited a
      small farmhouse in the countryside. Together, the team transformed it into
      a Buurtzorg boarding house.\r

      \r

      At a subsequent company retreat, the team presented its concept to
      all of its colleagues. However it was left up to them to decide if they
      felt called to create their own boarding houses. No one at Buurtzorg, not
      even Jos de Blok, the founder, made the call in the name of the company to
      say, “Yes, this fits Buurtzorg’s purpose, so we will create dozens of
      boarding houses and here is the budget we will allocate,” or “No, this is
      not within the scope of Buurtzorg. Let’s not pursue this.” The idea of
      boarding houses was left to run its own course. If it was meant to be, it
      would attract nurses to make it happen and carry Buurtzorg into a new
      dimension of care. Otherwise, it would remain a small-scale
      experiment.^[Laloux, Frederic (2014-02-09). Reinventing Organizations: A
      Guide to Creating Organizations Inspired by the Next Stage of Human
      Consciousness (Kindle Locations 4334-4351). Nelson Parker. Kindle
      Edition.]"
  - topic: Crisis Management
    title: Joe de Blok averted a cash crunch by asking his nurses to work harder
    content: "Buurtzorg faced a crisis in 2010 and mastered it using the advice
      process. The young company was growing at breakneck speed when Jos de Blok
      heard that health insurance companies had threatened to withhold €4
      million in payments to Buurtzorg, citing technical reasons (the more
      likely reason: the insurance companies wanted to signal to Buurtzorg that
      it was growing too fast at the expense of established providers). A cash
      crunch loomed. Jos de Blok wrote an internal blog post to the nurses
      exposing the problem. He put forward two solutions: either Buurtzorg could
      temporarily stop growing (new teams cost money at first) or nurses could
      commit to increasing productivity (increasing client work within the
      contract hours). In the blog comments, nurses overwhelmingly chose to work
      harder because they didn’t like the alternative: slower growth would have
      meant saying no to clients and nurses wanting to join Buurtzorg. In a
      matter of a day or two, a solution to the cash problem was found (and
      after some time, the insurance companies eventually disbursed the withheld
      funds).\r

      \r\n"
  - title: A vast organization run almost entirely with small, independent teams
    topic: Self-Management
    content: "Within Buurtzorg (which means “neighborhood care” in Dutch), nurses
      work in teams of 10 to 12, with each team serving around 50 patients in a
      small, well-defined neighborhood. The team is in charge of all the tasks
      that were previously fragmented across different departments. They are
      responsible not only for providing care, but for deciding how many and
      which patients to serve. They do the intake, the planning, the vacation
      and holiday scheduling, and the administration. They decide where to rent
      an office and how to decorate it. They determine how best to integrate
      with the local community, which doctors and pharmacies to reach out to,
      and how to best work with local hospitals. They decide when they meet and
      how they will distribute tasks among themselves, and they make up their
      individual and team training plans. They decide if they need to expand the
      team or split it in two if there are more patients than they can keep up
      with, and they monitor their own performance and decide on corrective
      action if productivity drops. There is no leader within the team;
      important decisions are made collectively.^[Laloux, Frederic (2014-02-09).
      Reinventing Organizations: A Guide to Creating Organizations Inspired by
      the Next Stage of Human Consciousness (Kindle Locations 1498-1505). Nelson
      Parker. Kindle Edition.]"
  - topic: Decision Making
    title: Buurtzorg has found an effective way for making decisions that affect
      large numbers of people.
    content: >-
      [Buurtzorg ](http://www.buurtzorgnederland.com/)uses social media (as
      mentioned above) in a powerful and way to support the advice process.  For
      example, if all 9,000 employees must be consulted, Jos de Blok, the
      founder, posts his suggestions on-line. He posts regularly, from the
      heart, without PR polish (there is no communications department at
      Buurtzorg), often at 10pm at night from his home.


      Given the respect he enjoys, his posts are widely read. Typically, 24 hours later, a majority of nurses will have read the post. Within hours, these posts evoke dozens, sometimes hundreds, of comments. 


      This can make for fast decision-making. If the comments signal agreement, it is made within hours. If debate ensues, the proposal is amended and floated again. Or a workgroup is set up to refine it.


      This kind of leadership by blog post requires a degree of trust, candor and vulnerability that few CEOs in would feel comfortable with. Once a post is published, there is no going back. Critical comments and rebukes are for all to see; they cannot be erased and cannot be ignored. And what the organization does with the post is beyond the CEO’s control.


      What seems risky when looked at through a traditional lens is wonderfully efficient from a Teal perspective. A post made from the comfort of a sofa at home can be a decision by next afternoon, endorsed by thousands of people in the organization. An idea or concern about where the industry is going? Write a short post, and you get to know how the organization reacts. If people disagree with your thought, you have lost 15 minutes of your time … but gained a new insight into what the organization thinks. When we think of how decision-making happens in large organizations today (the PowerPoint decks that need to be written, the lengthy steering committee and executive meetings where decisions get debated, followed by top-down communications where every word is weighted), we can only marvel at the efficiency of leadership and decision making within Buurtzorg.
---
